docs: add loki sizing hints in post-install (#2799)
scality/metalk8s: docs/installation/post-install.rst

   - Sanity check
   - Troubleshooting if needed

Loki volume sizing
""""""""""""""""""

Since the storage needs for logs greatly depends on the workload and the
type of application that run on top of the MetalK8s cluster, you need to
refer to the documentation provided by your applications to define the ideal
size for the volume.

We still provide some hints for the worst case, which is very unlikely.

> If your logs are gibberish, which makes them almost incompressible,

Reviewer: `a random stream of bytes` may be better than `gibberish`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the entropy of log messages is high, which makes them almost incompressible,
```

;)

Author: You're right, fixed.

Author: @NicolasT Oh yes, even better!

incompressible, you will need around **12Mb** per thousands of event per hour
for an average log line of **512 bytes**.

For **60000** events per hour, with the default retention of **2 weeks**:

``60 (1000 events) * 24 (hours per day) * 7 (days per week) * 3 (weeks) * 12 Mb
=~ 355 Gb``

This formula is given to calculate the worst case scenario, but with real
application logs, it should be drastically lower.

Regarding the MetalK8s cluster itself (internal services and system logs),
**1Gb** per week of retention should be sufficient in most cases.

.. warning::

   When you calculate the storage needs, you must always add an extra week to
   your actual retention, because of the current week of logs.

   It's also recommended to add a security margin of +50% volume space, in case

>    of log burst.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should also warn that there is no volume-based rotation of logs for now, so keeping a safety margin is really paramount?

Author: Yes, right, better be safe than sorry.

   - Sanity check
   - Troubleshooting if needed

Loki volume sizing
""""""""""""""""""

Since the storage needs for logs greatly depends on the workload and the
type of application that run on top of the MetalK8s cluster, you need to
refer to the documentation provided by your applications to define the ideal
size for the volume.

We still provide some hints for the worst case, which is very unlikely.
If the entropy of log messages is high, which makes them almost
incompressible, you will need around **12Mb** per thousands of event per hour
for an average log line of **512 bytes**.

For **60000** events per hour, with the default retention of **2 weeks**:

``60 (1000 events) * 24 (hours per day) * 7 (days per week) * 3 (weeks) * 12 Mb
=~ 355 Gb``

This formula is given to calculate the worst case scenario, but with real
application logs, it should be drastically lower.

Regarding the MetalK8s cluster itself (internal services and system logs),
**1Gb** per week of retention should be sufficient in most cases.

.. warning::

   When you calculate the storage needs, you must always add an extra week to
   your actual retention, because of the current week of logs.

>    Since there is no size-based purge mechanism, it's also recommended to add

Reviewer 3: nit: Do not use contractions in docs ;)

```suggestion
   Since there is no size-based purge mechanism, it is also recommended to add
```

Author: hmm, good to know, I was not aware of this.

Author: done.
